README.md, before:

# Match 3 Solver
An algorithm that solves a finite match 3 game to completion.

## To Use the Website Version

The website version of the program can be used by opening the index.html file in a web browser.  
The question mark button in the top right should explain anything else you need.  
All the files except for main.py are used in this implementation.

## To Use main.py

There is almost no reason to use this version as the website is almost strictly better, however I left it in the repository since it was the original implementation.

### Input
Change the array at the top of the program to be the match 3 board you are wanting solved

+ The board can be any size as long as it is a rectangle/square  
+ 0s are empty space  
+ -1s are immovable tiles that can't be matched  
+ Any positive integer is a normal block that can be matched to be removed. Numbers can only be matched with the same number. You can't swap a block with empty space  

### Output
If there is a way to remove all the blocks on the screen, the output will be a list of moves necessary to do so. An example move would look like "Swap 2,2 with 2,3". These pairs of numbers are coordinates where 0,0 is the top left most corner of the board, 1,0 is the block directly below it, and 0,1 is the block directly to the right of 0,0.

Commit message:

Updated readme to point to website being hosted

README.md, after:

# Match 3 Solver
An algorithm that solves a finite match 3 game to completion.

## To Use the Website Version

The website is hosted at https://github.com/MiniMage7.  
The website version of the program can also be used locally by opening the index.html file in a web browser.  
The question mark button in the top right should explain anything else you need.  
All the files except for main.py are used in this implementation.

## To Use main.py

There is almost no reason to use this version as the website is almost strictly better, however I left it in the repository since it was the original implementation.

### Input
Change the array at the top of the program to be the match 3 board you are wanting solved

+ The board can be any size as long as it is a rectangle/square  
+ 0s are empty space  
+ -1s are immovable tiles that can't be matched  
+ Any positive integer is a normal block that can be matched to be removed. Numbers can only be matched with the same number. You can't swap a block with empty space  

### Output
If there is a way to remove all the blocks on the screen, the output will be a list of moves necessary to do so. An example move would look like "Swap 2,2 with 2,3". These pairs of numbers are coordinates where 0,0 is the top left most corner of the board, 1,0 is the block directly below it, and 0,1 is the block directly to the right of 0,0.
